[DOCS] syncing three EN java springboot articles with RU version (#84)
werf/werf-guides: werf.io/guides/java_springboot/100_basic/30_deploy.md

## Deploying to the cluster

Before deploying to the cluster, you need to add changes to the project's git repository:

```shell
git add .helm/templates
git commit -m "Add helm chart configuration"
```

> > Why should changes be added to the git repository? What are giterminism and the dev mode? You can find answers to these and other questions as well as nuances of working with project files in the "Need to know" chapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Why should changes be added to the git repository? What are giterminism and the dev mode? You can find answers to these and other questions as well as nuances of working with project files in the "Must haves" chapter
```
